Add documentation for dynamic configuration of tenancy in Dashboards (#3694)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/multi-tenancy/tenant-index.md

# OpenSearch Dashboards multi-tenancy

> *Tenants* in OpenSearch Dashboards are spaces for saving index patterns, visualizations, dashboards, and other OpenSearch Dashboards objects. OpenSearch allows users to create multiple tenants for multiple uses. Tenants are useful for safely sharing your work with other OpenSearch Dashboards users. You can control which roles have access to a tenant and whether those roles have read or write access. By default, all OpenSearch Dashboards users have access to two independent tenants: private and global. Multi-tenancy also provides the option to create custom tenants.

Reviewer: Same comment re: "private" and "global".

Author: I don't so in this case. First, I don't think the global tenant needs to be a proper noun. Where it's referred to as a setting, and it's capitalized in the UI or a key, sure. Likewise with private tenants. Every user gets one. So there's no monolithic private tenant. Just a bunch of separate ones. 
Still, I've reworded this like so:
"... all OpenSearch Dashboards users have access to two independent tenants: the global tenant and a private tenant."

> - **Private** - This tenant is exclusive to each user and can't be shared. It does not allow you to access routes or index patterns made by the user's global tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Private** -- This tenant is exclusive to each user and can't be shared. It does not allow you to access routes or index patterns made by the user's global tenant.
```

> - **Private** - This tenant is exclusive to each user and can't be shared. It does not allow you to access routes or index patterns made by the user's global tenant.

Reviewer: "created" instead of "made"?

> - **Global** - This tenant is shared between every OpenSearch Dashboards user. It does allow for sharing objects among users who have access to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Global** -- This tenant is shared between every OpenSearch Dashboards user. It does allow for sharing objects among users who have access to it.
```

> - **Custom** - Administrators can create custom tenants and assign them to specific roles. Once created, these tenants can then provide spaces for specific groups of users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Custom** -- Administrators can create custom tenants and assign them to specific roles. Once created, these tenants can then provide spaces for specific groups of users.
```

> The global tenant is not a *primary* tenant in the sense that it replicates its content in a private tenant. To the contrary, if you make a change to your global tenant, you won't see that change reflected in your private tenant. Some example changes include, but are not limited to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The global tenant is not a *primary* tenant in the sense that it replicates its content in a private tenant. To the contrary, if you make a change to your global tenant, you won't see that change reflected in your private tenant. Some example changes include the following:
```

## Next steps

To get started with tenants, see [Multi-tenancy configuration]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/multi-tenancy/multi-tenancy-config/) for information about enabling multi-tenancy, adding tenants, and assigning roles to tenants.

> To see information about making dynamic changes to the multi-tenancy configuration, see [Dynamic configuration in OpenSearch Dashboards]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/multi-tenancy/dynamic-config/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about making dynamic changes to the multi-tenancy configuration, see [Dynamic configuration in OpenSearch Dashboards]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/multi-tenancy/dynamic-config/).
```
